cloud config connect_timeout (#1224)
datastax/python-driver: docs/cloud.rst

  }
  ...

connect_timeout
+++++++++++++++++++

> cloud_config.connect_timeout controls the timeout for the request connection against the astradb metadata service in seconds. Increase this value if your error message suggests a timeout in `get_cloud_config`, increase this value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cloud_config.connect_timeout` controls the timeout for the request connection against the Astra DB metadata service in seconds. Increase this value if your error message suggests a timeout in `get_cloud_config`.
```
